there's some lovely lit closets here
there's ASA smiling good cuz it is his
30th birthday today how do you feel
about that ASA
yes he does he's young he's got a lot of
ski life left in him there's heart work
everything's beautiful it probably
doesn't captured on this but check this
out okay there's that room there and
then okay I don't even know what this
nook is but look at the bathroom we each
get our own stank we've got beautiful
floors we each get our own little tub
see there's another one through this
door and you go through this door main
room oh look we've got a beautiful bed
there's a remote there oh yeah we're
gonna go over check out the view after
we check out the room so there's our
awesome television set
ASA gets a wonderful four days here's
where you have extra space to do
cartwheels whatever
that's where ASA was sitting before well
he'll probably be doing his work for the
week if he has any I don't know if they
give homework for the conferences but if
they do he's set up now check out our
view the art of negotiation pays off
there's our waterslide throw in a little
bit people are cleaning it up it's a
huge school I know there's a hot tub out
there that I won't I another little pool
over there not sure what that it worked
up out there
but it is very love very beautiful Lake
and that's only one window here's our
other view more lake before we could
live here and have a speed horse out
there I think ASA would be alright we'd
make it work
time to celebrate your